1. Explain MicroService Architecture
It is a way in which we build our application by breaking them down into smaller pieces and deploying them seperately(possibly on seperate machines) and have them talk to each other.
Basically breaking monolithic into different pieces, which can be independently developed,deployed & maintained.

2. What is monolithic Architecture
In monolithic Architecture our application gets build and deployed as single unit.
It is like a big container in which all s/w components of a component are clubbed inside single package.

3. Advantage Of Microservice.
a. Small Change -> Small Impact. Unlike monolithic, small change does not bring large impact in terms of building and deploying those changes.
b. Technology diversity: We can have different microservices running in different technologies. for example we can have 1 microservice running in java, other in python and other in .net, which is fine as long as they are communicationg in json.
c. Increase Fault Tolerence: Single Microservice failure does not bring down the whole system.
d. Independent Deployment.
e. Provides Scalability.

4. What is spring cloud.



5.Challenges faced in using microservices.
a. Increase in Complexity & monitoring.
b. Co-ordinated deployment- in case microservices are dependent on each other, deployment must be co-ordinated.
c. Increase Efforts for configurations

6. In which case microservice architecture best suited?
a. When we need scalability.(Less hits less number of servers, more hits more number of servers)
b. When we need frequent deployments

7. what is API Gateway?
Api Gateway is a server which we act as single entry point into the system.
It acts as abstraction layer to UI.
Advantages of having API gateway is that we can implement Authentication, Monitoring, Load balancing, caching, Logging,etc.
Api gateway is also responsible for request routing as well. i.e. all requests made by the client go through API gateway.
Disadvantage of API gateway.
Since we need to hop api gateway, the speed will decrease.
If API gateway is down, then our whole application will be down.

Most popular API gateway implementation are-
1. Netflix API Gateway(Zuul) - Used by Most of the projects
2. Amazon API Gateway
3. Azure API Gateway

We can create our own API Gateway.


8. What is Hystrix.


